{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1049{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f16\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f17\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f19\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f20\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f21\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs48\lang1049 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author User}{\operator User}{\creatim\yr2003\mo10\dy13\hr19\min4}
{\revtim\yr2003\mo10\dy14\hr15\min13}{\version7}{\edmins5}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords241}{\nofchars1377}{\*\company  }{\nofcharsws0}{\vern89}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0\viewkind4\viewscale100 \fet0\sectd 
\linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\sb95\sa95\nowidctlpar\adjustright \fs48\lang1049 {\b\ul\cf9 Hot File v. 1.}{
\b\ul\cf9\lang1033 0}{\fs24\ul\cf9\lang1033 
\par }\pard \sb95\sa95\nowidctlpar\adjustright {\b\fs28\cf9\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 Introduction}{\fs24\cf9 
\par }\pard \fi705\ri135\sb95\sa95\nowidctlpar\tx355\adjustright {\fs24 Hot File program helps you to open the most frequently used file clicking on a system tray icon. This program can be very useful for opening of your notes file. Hot File suppor
ts opening files of all types that are registered in your operation system (MS Word files, Excel files, text files, etc.)  It also prevents the multy-opening of the file. For example, the Microsoft Notepad program allows opening several copies of one file
 and some times it is very inconvenient for a user.\line }{\fs24\lang1033 
\par }\pard \fi705\sb95\sa95\nowidctlpar\tx355\adjustright {\fs24 \line }{\b\fs28\cf9 Quick Start}{\b\i\fs24\cf9 \line \line \tab }{\fs24 
If you do not have your notes file you can use the default file that is created by the program. It is a plain text file that is opened by MS Notepad. To put there your old text notes you ca
n use copy/past and drag&drop technology. If you want to use some existent file, please open the program options dialog, press the browse button and find it. The option dialog is opened from the system tray icon popup menu or from the program group of the
 Windows Start Menu.}{\b\i\fs24\cf9 
\par }\pard \sb95\sa95\nowidctlpar\tx355\adjustright {\b\fs28\cf9\lang1033 
\par }{\b\fs28\cf9 Options Dialog}{\b\fs27\cf9 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar\tx355\adjustright {\b\i\fs24\cf9 \tab File name edit window}{\fs24 
 shows the name of your hot file. You can enter the new one any type you want. If the file type does not exist txt type is assumed. If the file exist, it will be used. If it is a new file an empty f
ile of the zero size will be created.  For example, it can be .doc or .xls file. Some applications (as MS Access) do not support empty files of zero length. In this case, please create the file using this application and enter existent name.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\cf9 \tab Browse button}{\b\fs24  }{\fs24 helps you to find and set the program your existent hot file.
\par 
\par }{\b\i\fs24\cf9 \tab File folder}{\fs24  is a read only edit field that shows your the hot file folder. As default it is the My Documents folder.
\par 
\par }}